README.md, before:

# Dachsbau Frontend

Frontend for [Dachsbau Tautenhain](https://dachsbau-tautenhain.de). The backend code can be found [on GitHub as well](https://github.com/johannschopplich/dachsbau-backend).

This repository uses Nuxt 3 for the frontend and fetches content from a [headless Kirby](https://github.com/johannschopplich/kirby-headless-starter) instance. The frontend is built upon the [kirby-nuxt-starterkit](https://github.com/johannschopplich/kirby-nuxt-starterkit).

This website was created for one of my best friends to help her with her new venture of starting her own business. I created [`nuxt-kql`](https://nuxt-kql.jhnn.dev) in the process, since I really wanted to try out Kirby in a headless environment.

All illustrations are drawn by the talented artist [Julia Frank](https://www.instagram.com/mum.mal.mini/).

## Prerequisites

> [📖 Head over to the kirby-nuxt-starterkit](https://github.com/johannschopplich/kirby-nuxt-starterkit)

## Setup

> [📖 Head over to the kirby-nuxt-starterkit](https://github.com/johannschopplich/kirby-nuxt-starterkit)

## Credits

- Illustrations done by the great artist (and one of my favorite person in the world) [Julia Frank](https://www.instagram.com/extra.wagon/).

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE) License © 2022 [Johann Schopplich](https://github.com/johannschopplich) & [Julia Frank](https://www.instagram.com/mum.mal.mini/)

Commit message:

chore: add mit and cc license

README.md, after:

# Dachsbau Frontend

Frontend for [Dachsbau Tautenhain](https://dachsbau-tautenhain.de). The backend code can be found [on GitHub as well](https://github.com/johannschopplich/dachsbau-backend).

This repository uses Nuxt 3 for the frontend and fetches content from a [headless Kirby](https://github.com/johannschopplich/kirby-headless-starter) instance. The frontend is built upon the [kirby-nuxt-starterkit](https://github.com/johannschopplich/kirby-nuxt-starterkit).

This website was created for one of my best friends to help her with her new venture of starting her own business. I created [`nuxt-kql`](https://nuxt-kql.jhnn.dev) in the process, since I really wanted to try out Kirby in a headless environment.

All illustrations are drawn by the talented artist [Julia Frank](https://www.instagram.com/mum.mal.mini/).

## Prerequisites

> [📖 Head over to the kirby-nuxt-starterkit](https://github.com/johannschopplich/kirby-nuxt-starterkit)

## Setup

> [📖 Head over to the kirby-nuxt-starterkit](https://github.com/johannschopplich/kirby-nuxt-starterkit)

## Credits

- Illustrations done by the great artist (and one of my favorite person in the world) [Julia Frank](https://www.instagram.com/extra.wagon/).

## License

The code is licensed under [MIT](./LICENSE), words and images are licensed under [CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/).

© 2022 [Johann Schopplich](https://github.com/johannschopplich) & [Julia Frank](https://www.instagram.com/mum.mal.mini/)
